router.php\nrouter.php:: GetCategory\nrouter.php:: returnArray\nrouter.php
router.php:: GetCategory
router.php:: return Array
router.php
router.php:: GetCategory
router.php:: return Array
router.php
router.php:: GetCategory
router.php:: qiery result: 
router.php:: qiery result: 
router.php:: qiery result: 
router.php:: return Array
router.php
router.php:: GetCategory
router.php:: query result: 
router.php:: query result: 
router.php:: query result: 
router.php:: return Array
router.php
router.php:: GetCategory
router.php:: query result: Linux
router.php:: query result: Android
router.php:: query result: Program Language
router.php:: return Array
router.php
router.php:: GetCategory
router.php:: query result: Array
router.php:: query result: Array
router.php:: query result: Array
router.php:: return Array
router.php
router.php:: GetCategory
router.php:: query result: Array
router.php:: return Array



router.php
router.php:: GetCategory
router.php:: query result: Array
router.php:: return Array
router.php
router.php:: GetCategory
router.php:: query result: Array
router.php:: return Array
router.php
router.php:: GetCategory
router.php
router.php:: GetCategory
router.php
router.php:: GetCategory
router.php
router.php:: GetCategory
router.php
router.php:: GetCategory
router.php
router.php:: GetCategory
router.php
router.php:: GetCategory
router.php
router.php:: GetCategory
router.php
router.php:: GetCategory
router.php
router.php:: GetCategory
router.php
router.php:: GetCategory
router.php
router.php:: GetCategory
router.php
router.php:: GetCategory
router.php
router.php:: GetCategory
router.php
router.php:: GetCategory
router.php
router.php:: GetCategory
router.php
router.php:: GetCategory
router.php
router.php:: GetCategory
router.php
router.php
router.php:: GetCategory
router.php
router.php:: GetCategory
router.php
router.php:: GetCategory
router.php
router.php:: GetCategory
router.php
router.php
router.php:: GetCategory
